---
layout: blog
title: The Winged Victory of Samothrace
lang: en
date: '2020-03-14T19:28:23-04:00'
thumbnail: >-
  /images/uploads/1024px-victoire_de_samothrace_-_vue_de_trois-quart_gauche-_gros_plan_de_la_statue_-2-.jpg
terms: 'Nike Statue, The Winged Victory of Samothrace, Nike of Samothrace'
---
Sculpture, an artistic form in which hard or plastic materials are worked into three-dimensional art objects. My favourite sculpture is a statue which is called "The Winged Victory of Samothrace", also called "Nike of Samothrace". I like the statue so much that I decided to have a tattoo of this statue on my arm. If you didn't know about this statue, hopefully you will know some of the information about it after reading this post.

The statue was discovered in 1863 and was created around 190 BC.

The statue is 244 centimetres (8.01 ft) high. It was created not only to honour the Greek goddess, Nike, but probably also to commemorate a naval action. It conveys a sense of action and triumph as well as portraying artful flowing drapery, as though the goddess were descending to alight upon the prow of a ship.

The original statue had the Nike goddess's head and arms. However, as with the arms, the figure's head has never been found, but various other fragments have since been found: in 1950, a team led by Karl Lehmann unearthed the missing right hand of the statue.

Despite its significant damage and incompleteness, the Victory is held to be one of the great surviving masterpieces of sculpture from the Hellenistic Period, and from the entire Greco-Roman era.

Nike is a Greek goddess that represents concepts such as Victory, Peace, Fortune.

Today, the goddess still represents those things. In Olympic sports, there is a Nike goddess in the back of each Olympic medal.
